I took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. well, what is it today? more spelunking? multiply your anger by about a hundred, kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. no, this is mount everest. you should flip on the discovery channel from time to time. but i guess you can't now, being dead and all. that tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. well, what is it today? more spelunking? let me tell you something my friend. hope is a dangerous thing. hope can drive a man insane. bruce... i'm god. you wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. i now issue a new commandment: thou shalt do the dance. it only took me six days. same time it took the lord to make the world.

At this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! yes, i used a machine gun. boxing is about respect. getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. it's not the size mate, it's how you use it. your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. i took a viagra, got stuck in me throat, i've had a stiff neck for hours. at this point, i'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! i don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, base-jumping crowd. bruce... i'm god. you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! jasper: your baby is the miracle the whole world has been waiting for. when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi!

Cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. i now issue a new commandment: thou shalt do the dance. circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. your were only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. pull my finger! i once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. only perfect intentions. cities fall but they are rebuilt. heroes die but they are remembered. you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. my lord! you're a tripod. i once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. only perfect intentions. pull my finger!

I did the same thing to gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. my lord! you're a tripod. it only took me six days. same time it took the lord to make the world. you're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off! it's not the size mate, it's how you use it. yes, i used a machine gun. you wouldn't hit a man with no trousers on, would you? rehabilitated? well, now let me see. you know, i don't have any idea what that means. you know, your bobby dangler, giggle stick, your general-two-colonels, master of ceremonies... yeah, don't be shy, let's have a look. when i get back, remind to tell you about the time i took 100 nuns to nairobi! rehabilitated? well, now let me see. you know, i don't have any idea what that means. you are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. i swore to them that i would protect you, and i haven't.
